Changelog for RVS v1.5.0 (#1188)
ROCm/ROCmValidationSuite: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Pulse stressor module (`pulse.so`) for GPU power pulse stress testing. **(Beta — not for production use.)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the pulse stressor module (`pulse.so`) for GPU power pulse stress testing. **(Beta — not intended for production use.)**
```

> - MI350X QPX mode support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for MI350X QPX mode.
```

> - Support for MXFP8 datatype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for the MXFP8 data type.
```

> - Iterations-based GST hot run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added iterations-based GST hot run support.
```

### Changed

> - Babel output reported as throughput instead of time duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated Babel output to report throughput instead of execution time.
```
